A string is considered to be in title case if each word in the string is either (a) capitalised (that is, only the first letter of the word is in upper case) or (b) considered to be an exception and put entirely into lower case unless it is the first word, which is always capitalised.

Write a function that will convert a string into title case, given an optional list of exceptions (minor words). The list of minor words will be given as a string with each word separated by a space. Your function should ignore the case of the minor words string -- it should behave in the same way even if the case of the minor word string is changed.



###Arguments (Haskell)

First argument: space-delimited list of minor words that must always be lowercase except for the first word in the string.
Second argument: the original string to be converted.
###Arguments (Other languages)

First argument (required): the original string to be converted.
Second argument (optional): space-delimited list of minor words that must always be lowercase except for the first word in the string. The JavaScript/CoffeeScript tests will pass undefined when this argument is unused.
###Example

--------------------------------------------------------

Required:
- converted first argument into title case, given list of exceptions (2nd arg).

Title case:
- Each word in the string is capitalised (first letter only)
- Exception- Everythig in lower case, only first word is capitalised

Steps:
- Check each word in the minor words if it matches one of the words in the string
	> If there is a match, note the minor word that matches any of the words in the string
		> Check if the matched word in the second argument is the first word in the first argument
			> If so, capitalise that first letter of that first word
			> If not the first word in the 1st argument, it should be in lower case always.
- If there are no minor words given, capitalise each word in the 1st string.

-----------------------------------------------------

Separated string into words and returned an array
